v9.7 changelog (#6985)
mattermost/docs: source/deploy/mattermost-changelog.md

```

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - Added Mattermost [AI plugin](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-ai) to pre-packaged plugins.
 - Pre-packaged Calls version [v0.25.1](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-calls/releases/tag/v0.25.1).
 - Pre-packaged GitHub plugin version [v2.2.0](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-github/releases/tag/v2.2.0).
 - Added a user limit enforcement.
 - Upgraded ``@mattermost/client`` and ``@mattermost/types`` to support TypeScript v5.x.
 - The first emoji is now auto-selected in the emoji picker.
 - Added markdown support for batched email notifications.
 - Users’ timezone is now used in batched email notifications.
 - Removed a conflicting class (``help-text``) from the interactive dialog field description to resolve the black text color in the dark theme.
 - Updated the user interface of **Team Settings** modal.
 - Promoted Simplified Chinese to Beta, and downgraded Hungarian and Spanish languages to Beta.
 - Improved the opening animation of the user settings modal.

> #### Administration

Reviewer: @amyblais can we include the change for the safety limits that we introduced with https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost/pull/26511 cc// @jasonblais 

```suggestion
#### Administration

- Enforced safety limit in compiled Team Edition and Enterprise Edition deployments when enterprise scale and access control automation features are unavailable and count of users who are registered and not deactivated exceeds 11,000. ERROR_SAFE_LIMITS_EXCEEDED.
```

- **Cloud Releases Prior to v9.2**: See the [Mattermost Legacy Cloud Changelog](https://docs.mattermost.com/deploy/legacy-cloud-changelog.html) for details.
```

## Release v9.7 - [Feature Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/upgrade/release-definitions.html#feature-release)

**Release day: April 16, 2024**

```{Important}
If you upgrade from a release earlier than v9.6, please read the other [Important Upgrade Notes](https://docs.mattermost.com/upgrade/important-upgrade-notes.html).
```

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - Added Mattermost [AI plugin](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-ai) to pre-packaged plugins.
 - Pre-packaged Calls version [v0.25.1](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-calls/releases/tag/v0.25.1).
 - Pre-packaged Playbooks version [v1.39.2](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-playbooks/releases/tag/v1.39.2).
 - Pre-packaged GitHub plugin version [v2.2.0](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-github/releases/tag/v2.2.0).
 - Upgraded ``@mattermost/client`` and ``@mattermost/types`` to support TypeScript v5.x.
 - The first emoji is now auto-selected in the emoji picker.

>  - Added markdown support for batched email notifications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Added Markdown support for batched email notifications.
```

 - Users’ timezone is now used in batched email notifications.
 - Removed a conflicting class (``help-text``) from the interactive dialog field description to resolve the black text color in the dark theme.
 - Updated the user interface of **Team Settings** modal.
 - Promoted Simplified Chinese to Beta, and downgraded Hungarian and Spanish languages to Beta.
 - Improved the opening animation of the user settings modal.

#### Administration

>  - Enforced safety limit in compiled Team Edition and Enterprise Edition deployments when enterprise scale and access control automation features are unavailable and count of users who are registered and not deactivated exceeds 11,000. ERROR_SAFE_LIMITS_EXCEEDED.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - Enforced safety limit in compiled Team Edition and Enterprise Edition deployments when enterprise scale and access control automation features are unavailable, and when the count of users who are registered, but not deactivated, exceeds 11,000. ERROR_SAFE_LIMITS_EXCEEDED.
```

 - Dropped pre-packaged plugins for unsupported OS and architectures.

>  - Implemented a new **Export Settings** page in the **System Console** to allow Cloud administrators to customize their dedicated export S3 buckets.

Author: @cwarnermm Here it is: https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost/pull/26034. I had added the Docs/Needed label, but you had recently removed the label, so maybe you had already reviewed that PR.

>  - Implemented a new **Export Settings** page in the **System Console** to allow Cloud administrators to customize their dedicated export S3 buckets.

Reviewer 2: aha! Yes! Now I remember -- this one's behind a feature flag, so no need for doc updates yet. Thanks, @amyblais! :)

 - LDAP job details are no longer shown until the job runs.
 - Added more logging to the ``NotificationsLog``.

>  - A message is now logged if a user tries to login using a wrong password.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - A message is now logged when a user tries to log in using an incorrect password.
```

```

## Release v9.7 - [Feature Release](https://docs.mattermost.com/upgrade/release-definitions.html#feature-release)

- **9.7.1, released 2024-04-16**
  - Fixed an issue with a noisy log entry for permalink post notifications.
  - Mattermost v9.7.1 contains no database or functional changes.
- **9.7.0, released 2024-04-16**
  - Original 9.7.0 release.

```{Important}
If you upgrade from a release earlier than v9.6, please read the other [Important Upgrade Notes](https://docs.mattermost.com/upgrade/important-upgrade-notes.html).
```

### Improvements

#### User Interface (UI)
 - Added Mattermost [AI plugin](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-ai) to pre-packaged plugins.
 - Pre-packaged Calls version [v0.25.1](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-calls/releases/tag/v0.25.1).
 - Pre-packaged Playbooks version [v1.39.2](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-playbooks/releases/tag/v1.39.2).
 - Pre-packaged GitHub plugin version [v2.2.0](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-plugin-github/releases/tag/v2.2.0).

>  - Upgraded ``@mattermost/client`` and ``@mattermost/types`` to support TypeScript v5.x.

Reviewer 3: This is not UI related

 - Changed the cache headers for file endpoints to cache privately for 24 hours, instead of not caching at all.
 - Moved following functions from server to public utils:
    - ``ResetReadTimeout``
    - ``AppendMultipleStatementsFlag``
    - ``SetupConnection``
    - ``SanitizeDataSource``

#### mmctl
 - mmctl can now be used to download a Support Packet using ``--local mode``.
 - mmctl system ping will now return detailed server status even if the server status is unhealthy.

### Bug Fixes
 - Fixed an issue where the Desktop App login flow would erroneously show the landing page for first time users.
 - Fixed an issue where a right-hand side card was not reloaded when the card body was updated.
 - Fixed an issue where ``en-AU`` language selection was not allowed.
 - Fixed an issue with the position of text in the default profile picture.
 - Fixed an issue with the group search to parse the display name.
 - Fixed an issue where items with longer text did not widen the user guide dropdown to its max-width.
 - Fixed an issue where the configuration could not be updated from the **System Console** in cloud environments.

### config.json

>  - Multiple setting options were added to ``config.json``. Below is a list of the additions and their default values on install. The settings can be modified in ``config.json``, or the System Console when available.

Reviewer 4: >  Below is a list of the additions and their default values on install

Where is this list?

Author: Below it on line 71 https://github.com/mattermost/docs/pull/6985/files#diff-0c47e93e01b6bf186c28619073df3eb12f83259e7181ea91fffa1c48575d2296R71.
